Hello everyone, today we will explain
how to change how to change gear
electronic on our presence
the tools we will need are
a very simple Allen key from
four a flat screwdriver
a 10- inch wrench, a 5-point allen key
another bubble of 4 and our auction that
the change in must be changed
question is a reduction of
length of 5 centimeters in this case
I cut it to this height or
reduced by 5 centimeters and after which the
reassembled this because why
mounting the electronic gear that it has
a length more or less than 5 cm added
to the st
must have a rod length to the rod
original now I'll show you how
leonardo
let's start with the assembly first
what we take the auction and we screw the
sensor in this case is a dynojet that
it is activated with traction we screw the rod
until it comes to a stop after which with
the a10 miss has prepared before we serve
in order to fix the ball change well
then we proceed to the assembly on the
rod motion with sensor attached
live
the complete auction on ours on ours
send change as you see very much
easy that the thread is twisted then
keep it so you can easily
to avoid the auction until you bring it like
see here
the auction knocked down by dott
after which we will also screw this data
with a key like we did before
for the data above
we bring st back to the height of
referral with the key of four that there
we are prepared before we go to fix it
on our referral
ok the mechanical part is finished now
we'll see how to connect the part
power
regarding the commission now
of the sensor the control unit
let's take our cable let's say for
save time I have already passed
the cable from po over the inside then
you have to raise the tank and after
that the children will succeed with the
battery
you see they come from here to this point
the control unit must be raised slightly
remove the smaller connector ok
with a screwdriver
we must press on this catch that
thus allows the pins to come out
inside this point we must
look for pin 21 that ping this when
see this white ball you need with
a screwdriver does not remove it we take
our connector of ours
central of our sensor and it
we insert inside the hole
sending it as far as it goes ok this way
no longer goes down
after which we must close the catch
you see this the white teeth press
first one then the other you see in this
in case the connector does not close this
because because the sense the thread does not
still went well inside then
we take pliers and but we succeed in
make more strength and push the better
thread inside
after which we try again to close again
our sensor this time yes
will close without problems
then we insert his again
we hang up a control unit e
we have finished the first part now
the other end of our sensor will remain
that will go directly connected at least
from the battery
ok you are connected to this point
we can close the seat cover
tighten the screws and try ours
sensor and now we just have to try it